AIM : image processing, face detection, under sampling
AMR : sysem architecture, used model, conclusion
AREF : neural networks, land mark extraction, image enhancements
MANAR : Overview over work, previous work, HOG
SALMA : preface, CNN technology, Results
WAFAA : oversampling, used method, tried models

1 - introduction
    1.1 Preface <SALMA>
    1.2 image processing <AIM>
        1.2.1 brief
            in this section you should write a small intro about image processing, 
            its history, a brief on where it sits within our project.

        1.2.2 what is it used for
            the usual tasks of image processing, how they work and why is it useful

        1.2.3 how is it useful for this project
            describe the task of image processing in details while refering to why
            we essentially need image processing for it.

    1.3 Neural Network <AREF>
        1.3.1 brief
            a biref history on neural networks, as well as explanation for how it 
            works in general

        1.3.2 types of neural nets and their applications
            search for different neural net architectures and explain each of them
            refering to how they look like (their structure), what are they mostly used for
            and good at.

        1.3.3 how is it useful for this project
            exaplin which type of neural network we will be using in this project 
            (that it's CNN and more or less stop at that) 

    1.2 CNN technology <SALMA>
        1.2.1 brief
            a brief on the history of CNN, when it appeared, and what drove to the
            idea of CNN to begin with, explain its structure, and the characteristics
            of this network (what is it good at, efficiency of time and memory (the size 
            o our model is a good example), ..etc).

        1.2.2 how is it useful
            explain in more details how it works, its characteristics and how those 
            characteristics were most suited for our project.

2 - Review
    2.1 previous work <MANAR>
        make sure to point out the links for sites that we used as references
        while thinking about the structure of the model (like the paper we were planning to 
        follow at first).
        for each of them list what were the most characteristic points of them (overview about
        how they address the problem), how effective or ineffective they were.

    2.2 overview over work <MANAR>
        how we worked with every reference, the struggles we went through, basically an 
        overview of the changes made through out our timeline.

3 - Proposed system
    3.1 System Architecture <AMR>
        explain the black box model of our system, defining the expected input format, and expected output format.
        explain the system architecture, what are the parts the system is broken into, how they 
        fit tgeather and how each of them works.

    3.2 Preprocessing
        3.2.1 face detection <AIM>
            state the different face detection methods we tried, the pros, and cons of each
            
        3.2.2 image enhancements <AREF>
            state the reasons why we need image enhancements
            list the image echancements we needed, their job, and how important they were.

        3.2.3 landmark Extraction <AREF>
            explain how is this task important for the system, how it's done, why we do it, and how it affects
            performnace (in terms of time and accurcy).

        3.2.4 HOG <MANAR>
            explain how is this task important for the system, how it's done, why we do it, and how it affects
            performnace (in terms of time and accurcy).

        3.2.5 data augmentation (oversampling) <WAFAA>
            explain how it's done, why we needed it, and how it affects
            performnace (in terms of time and accurcy).

        3.2.6 under sampling <AIM>
            xplain how it's done, why we needed it, and how it affects
            performnace (in terms of time and accurcy).

        3.2.7 used methods <WAFAA> : 
            this should represent what we finally used for each part of the above parts and the reasons we 
            choose those options.
            

    3.3 Model
        3.3.1 tried models <WAFAA>
            the different structures we used for our project as well as how much increase in performance we 
            get from each, we here need a table for different accurcies we got, what drives the accuracy higher
            , the no-more-learning (learning phobia) problem our model had, how we tried to address it.

        3.3.2 used model <AMR>
            final model we used, how we reached it, final accuacy, if we are going for two models one for 
            real time and one for accuracy state both.

4 - Results <SALMA>
5 - Conclusion <AMR>
references
